Mentioning change notification in messaging docs (#10344)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/chatmessage.md

> `chatMessage` supports subcribing to changes (creation, updation and deletion) using [Graph change notifications](webhooks.md). This allows callers to subscribe and get changes in realtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`chatMessage` supports subscribing to changes (create, update and delete) using [change notifications](webhooks.md). This allows callers to subscribe and get changes in real-time.
```
